and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show i'm delighted to be joined
by gabrielle
and kelly today they're the founders
over at bennu creative they help
businesses discover
who they are to develop a brand that's
authentic to them
creating loyalty and trust with that
audience and with their people
gabrielle and kelly a really warm
welcome the first ever doubles partner
show how are you doing
hey sam nice to be here yeah thank you
yeah thanks so much
pleased to have you and it's it's a
fresh topic for this show we're going to
be talking all about
how marketing without a brand is is
costing businesses
and we might not even know it um but i
want to jump straight in
what would you say is the difference for
people that are tuning in and thinking
branding marketing meh all the same kind
of thing what's the real difference
between the two
that's a fantastic question and this is
a very common
uh misunderstanding um so what i would
say is that
actually to put it simply marketing is
not your message
branding is your message so branding is
the identity it's the the messaging that
you put forward
marketing is just the catalyst or the
vehicle that gets it out there
um yeah it's it's really all about
granny's all about reputation
so you can also think about it as a
difference of this is that marketing
you know might get people to notice you
and get you
um those audiences and those people but
brandon's what's actually going to keep
them there actually convert that sale
because it's not going to do any good
if they come to you they find you and
they don't really like what they see
right branding is the relationship
yeah yeah okay so let's dive into that a
bit deeper so
i really like that definition straight
away so branding's kind of the identity
the reputation
marketing is what drives people there
but that brand is all about what what
keeps people there
so i guess there's there's a whole way a
multitude of ways that brand could be
perceived whether that's like your logo
your website
your marketing materials i mean in your
eyes what actually defines a brand
um because i know when it comes into my
mind it maybe thinks kind of logo
the text fonts the colors but i'm sure
there's a lot to it then there's a lot
more to it than that
yeah again that's a really great
question and um so common people think
oh yeah branding is just a logo they
generally you know it's like nike and it
comes their mind the swoosh everything
like that
branding is not a logo um the simplest
way to put it as branding is your
reputation and so
um the things that go into a brand would
be things
like your messaging um
how you interact with customers and
clients how you interact with your team
um it's it's really the core identity
the a really great way to look at it is
if you look at a brand as a person
and you were to ask yourself well if i
were to describe
my brand like let's say your brand was
at a party you took it to a party with
you
and you go you know you go to the punch
bowl and somebody says hey who'd you
come in with
how would you describe that person you
know would they be
friendly and open good a good example of
this is let's take
two companies that sell the same product
but have a different approach
okay so geico is kind of the guy that
you'd have a beer with right you know
he's funny he's juvial you know he's
just like there's something about
geico that you feel okay there's a
certain level of comfort there's a
certain way that he announces himself
and then state farm you know is that
kind of friendly neighbor
that's the person you might want to
watch your kids he may not be the person
you're going to go out for a beer with
but he definitely is somebody that you
trust to go over if you run out of sugar
and you're like i need a cup of sugar
can i borrow some like all steaks got
you
right so it's so the brand is all about
how we perceive that brand as an
individual
yeah and just to add in there you know
it's interesting that
you know clients customers see your
brand from the outside
in when you're building a brand you
actually need to start from the inside
out so we like to
break it up if you think of it as a
person as core character and composition
right
who as a person informs how you address
how you might act
um and that's how people might see you
and perceive you is similar with
branding right so you want to make sure
that when you get to the point
of creating those brand assets like a
logo and your color scheme and all that
stuff
and it matches yeah on the experience
and the reputation that you're
trying to portray your message out there
as absolutely
really like those examples um especially
especially the pub one although it's
making me a bit depressed because the
pubs have been shut for about a year in
the uk
with my friends but i don't want to
dwell on that too much but with that
virtual paint together at some point i
think that's what i'm up to
with that note so if a company's
thinking about
building their brand you mentioned that
you can kind of compare it to
a person people be in the pub
interacting with each other should we be
thinking about what we
personally like or what we personally
want to get out of the brand or do we
need to put our customers first or
what is this probably could be a whole
episode in itself but what should be the
thought process
when we're doing that perhaps you can
give us a quick snapshot of what we need
to be thinking about when we're kind of
putting together the foundation of our
brand
absolutely and you know with new
businesses that have a clean slate a lot
of times they approach this and they
don't really know
what their target audience is yet so
it's it's very difficult for them to
to perceive this and and even clients
that are customers that have had
businesses for 20 years they get caught
up in this we've got to chase a trend or
we've got to move
with whatever culture is doing and so
the way that we generally approach it
is um to answer your question a little
bit more specifically is it's really
about
focusing in on what do the individuals
that are forming that
that business that brand what do they
value and what are the values they want
to express
and the reason why we start there is
because you know though
i don't know why this became such a
popular adage but you know that old
expression
um opposites attract i actually don't
think that's true i think
likes attract likes and so um we tend to
uh actually pair with people or to
resonate with people that share our
common values
so if you find what you value and you
express those values this does two
things for your brand
one it also it gives you a metric to be
able to
when you're hiring or when you're
bringing on people on your team you can
find that cohesion because
when you're bringing somebody on you're
saying this is what the brand values
the people that are coming to the
organization not only do they feel
a sense of purpose because they know
where they stand and you've
actually expressed what ultimately the
goals of that brand and what you're
trying to accomplish
but when everyone comes together and
they begin to craft that message and put
that message out there
they generally naturally attract the
type of people that are going to see
that
product or service and are going to find
value in it
and so generally the way people do it is
opposite
they they they look at a trend or they
look at
um they look at what's going on and they
say we've got to jump on that but values
about them they're foundational they're
pillars and so when the winds and the
waves of culture come crashing through
and rocking us back and forth
we are able to stand firm in those
because we believe that
behaviors stem from beliefs so if you
can figure out what you believe
you'll know how to behave and not just
like
behavioral stuff but like what decisions
to make because values
at short of it are not the needle on the
not the compass itself they're the
needle on that compass you know they're
the magnetic pool
that moves that needle that shows you
like this is where to go this is my true
north
yeah yeah so it sounds like this is
quite a lot deeper than just
because we're going into things like
company values we're going into things
like
how how companies make decisions right
um
how our own employees or our staff or as
well as our visitors and potential
customers how they see us
as a company so it sounds like there's a
lot of thought process behind this
um so it's yeah it's really kind of
making me think in terms of
putting that together it sounds like
there's quite a detailed process rather
than
what i initially thought yeah in terms
of actually making sure it's
it's clear to people um on what your
brand wants to how your brand can help
people and at the same time it's clear
to your own if you've got a team
of what that actually means so there's a
heck of a lot to it yeah and then
really most people would remember that
yeah yeah yeah that's it so i mean in
terms of
in terms of marketing so i want to get
into kind of if we're marketing our
brand
um and we haven't got perhaps we haven't
gone through this process that we've
just discussed
how can that cost us how can that really
affect us
yeah um again great question when it
comes to
marketing without that message what you
what happens
is that you tend to confuse people
because you're not really sure of what
you are you know we use this thing
called the blind date
like test you know or the blind date
method where
you know because i think everyone has
known that person in their life or has
had that friend that really didn't have
a secure sense of themselves
and then puts themselves on the market
and then they see that person change
with every single
you know and then they get in these bad
relationships well businesses are very
similar
in terms of marketing without a message
when you're not secure
you're not going to have security in who
you are because you don't you don't know
and it's it's not
it's not an insecurity necessarily it's
just a confusion right
i don't know who i am and so as they go
to
communicate and to interact with clients
and their team
they find that every one of those
interactions is like a new blind date
and if you don't know who you are you
try to change yourself or
shift your message to fit that person
and the problem is then you'll have
multiple messages you look like you have
multiple personality disorder
and so you may have you might get this
person and they only
this person and then all of a sudden you
become this people pleaser that tries to
please everyone and pleases no one
because once you
please this person but you're not
pleasing this person you change to
please this person you may no longer
please this person you've alienated them
and then all of a sudden you just look
like you don't
actually care you don't actually have
any real quality or value that you're
proposing to them
that you're just trying to get a sale
and that's where we get these people
where we get these ideas which i
really think is wrong and it's sad of
um you know sales being kind of like
that used car salesman like it's really
grindy and you know it's really not a
good thing
when in reality if we're actually
consistent with our values and we know
we're trying to offer value to people
that's the best thing you can sell
because you're selling a solution and
you're selling
a relationship and that is like there's
nothing bad about that there's nothing
used car salesmen about that
you know yeah sure and what can often
happen too is that
businesses that kind of feel like
they're running on a treadmill
right you're spinning your wheels you're
not actually getting anywhere and that
often is when they don't really know
their brand what their ultimate goal are
because they're just trying to
do all these different things that
happens a lot in design
projects right you're trying to do a
social media post you're trying to get
an ad out there
and either you're making it yourself
you're saying okay where do i even start
let's just try this and see if it sticks
or you're trying to your design team and
you just say go for it
and of course generally when you don't
give them any direction they come back
and it's like
don't that wasn't really what i was
thinking right so it costs a lot in time
and money
as well oh yes yes not having clear
direction means
more time trying to get it right and
that's expensive
yeah always there yeah there are any
examples just so
listeners and both myself could could
think of that are there any
you don't necessarily have to name names
but any any kind of stories you've got
of how
perhaps companies or businesses perhaps
you've not worked with that you've seen
that haven't had a clear definition of
their brand and they've perhaps marketed
or driven loads of people to it
and as a result it's called cost them
either time or money or
various issues yeah actually yeah we do
we actually worked with two clients
simultaneously and one of them like
really got this and it was just um a
wonderful experience for them
and they they saw the value and it
immediately
you know their brand their team all got
unified and then simultaneously working
with this other client and
it was very difficult for them to grasp
the the value piece um yeah which is
ironic because when we came into
it they were very certain you know they
would say oh we're really good at this
we're really good at this we're really
good at this i'm like okay well let's
dig down
and they they struggled um and
to a point where you know
they they never saw the first client
saw an immediate boost in time and
efficiency because now a sudden
we're spending less time trying to get
our team on the same page we're spending
less time trying to figure out like our
social strategy
and what our website is trying to do and
what these design elements are trying to
do and their message was a lot more
clarified so
i mean they and this the one that got
really good success
had the far more complicated message to
not lock down because
they did so many different things it was
a very complicated
um process that they did and we
simplified that we
together they were really great about
that and that worked really well
the other one had a much more simple you
know
process but it stayed complicated
because they were
locked in on their the old ways of doing
things
and really didn't they they had a hard
time seeking it and
and to be to be fair you know we call it
a discovery
um we call branding a discovery and
we've often seen that people actually
come away with discovering
personal things about themselves it's a
soul search
and it is not easy to look inside always
through this darkness and through these
these elements that we often neglect
because there are some
because what's happening is you're
looking in at
what are the flaws where are where the
things that we need to improve and if
you don't have the right type of guide
to bring you through that it can be
really scary so what we try to do when
we come in
is help to guide them through that
they're the hero their story we're just
trying to guide them through that
so they can you know essentially we call
transition you know transition
and and rebirth you know that's what be
new is all about that's what the phoenix
is all about it's about
renewal and rebirth and becoming
something new
um and it's really hard to kind of die
to the old way and
live in a new way yeah another common
scenario
is actually when businesses need to go
through a rebrand
um sometimes this can just happen over a
span of time it's been 10 years you know
their stuff is updated
sometimes it happens when leadership
changes right someone new comes in wants
to kind of
stir the pot a bit um and there was
another business that we
worked with um where they were wanting
to go through that rebrand
and they had hired several different
teams who were hired for a certain
project
um but they kept changing their mind
throughout
the project and went over through a year
they were wanting to do a lot of
different things and
they ended up you know spending money
with us spending money with a lot of
other
marketing teams and then never using any
of it
because they hadn't actually solidified
who they were as a brand which is a
huge waste of money and then we had
another uh
local business in town they had to
rebrand because of a trademark issue
actually
and so that's just not doing your
homework right in the first place and um
yeah it's costly because you have to
redo signage venues you know all these
different things so
there's a couple scenarios yeah you
mentioned some interesting points
so i'm a big fan of donald miller and
the book building a story brand
yeah and i i heard the reference where
you said you need to make your your
customer the hero
and obviously you're the guide um so
on that note i mean quite a lot of the
time i i pinch some of the stuff he
mentions in that great book and if
you've not read building a story around
a very very good book
so when i'm talking to potential
customers clients about what their
websites
i know you mentioned that the treadmill
reference earlier so i often say you
want to you want to make people burn as
little calories as possible
in business with you so it sounds like
it's similar with the brand but likewise
when i'm talking about the website it
needs to quickly explain
kind of what you do how you can help
them a problem or
problem you solve or how you improve
their business and how they can get in
touch with you
so it's easy as possible for them to
understand if you can help them
and how to do business with you
basically yeah and it sounds a little
bit similar
to the branding side of things in terms
of not making people really confused
and just making it nice and clear yeah
absolutely the um you know we get
sometimes people are like i want to rank
better and we don't really
handle like the specifically seo keyword
kind of stuff
but what we always tell people is that
you know if you are able to
clearly um
define what you do then you're going to
automatically lower your balance rates
and so if anybody watching doesn't know
what bounce rate it just means did
somebody come to your site did they
actually perform an action before
leaving
um whether it's looking at a different
page or clicking a button or what have
you do they
create an action and in user experience
in my opinion there's two things that
really contribute to that user
experience and content creation because
you're
you're you're making sure that they have
the easiest
time um you know and then also you're
actually educating them and you're
giving them the tools to communicate
with you through your content
and so with with user experience is one
we really focus on
um one of the way i like to say it is if
you've ever gone up to a um
a door and you go to the handle and it
looks like it's a pool door but it's
actually a push door
it's frustrating right well we do this
to our clients all the time
we get them stuck at the door and it's
like if you need to put a sign on there
that says push
you failed it's poor design you know
what you need to do
and and sometimes we just need to if we
while we're fixing the door
sometimes we just need to like stand
outside and open the door for them
right we need to go that extra mile
until we can fix that door
until we can do that we need to be able
to and that's that's costly right
because you either have to hire you have
to take time out here
but we need to do that until you can fix
the door you need to go the extra mile
and stand outside and actually open it
and be the gentleman and say like
welcome into my digital you know brick
and mortar or welcome my actual physical
brick and mortar
when it's not 2020 and 2021 right but
that's the reality is that because it's
reputation because it's relational
it's all about how do i guide them
through this process
um and that's why graphics and things
like that makes any images make such a
huge difference because it
you know picture is really worth a
thousand words you know and
the less text that we can use or the
more simply we can say albert einstein
once said
that if you can't define it clearly then
you don't understand it if you can't say
it simply you don't get it you don't
know what you do
so that's what we really want to work
with is is helping
businesses and having helping them to
understand define it in as few words as
possible lead them in those through that
process with a few steps
make them be able to make a purchase in
as few steps as possible
um yeah yeah and i'm all for it i think
it's
it's really really important especially
as our attention spans drop
and if we if we're on the go if we're on
our mobile and we're viewing whether
that's a brand whether that's something
digital
ideally you need to get that message
across so fast so
with that said are there any tips that
you could provide us
on how businesses are perhaps thinking
that their brand's not quite cutting the
mustard after hearing
a little bit so far in terms of really
clarifying their message
so in the past for example with with
with our company
we used to use all these these slogans
and terms like we're award-winning we're
the best in class like we're the best
ever at this we've done so many awards
we've done this we've done excellent
we've done why we've done set
when in reality we know that clients
don't really care about that they want
to know that we can help them out
and so how can we make sure that we're
perhaps not putting thousands of ideas
in front of people at once but we're
really getting crisp we're getting clear
on exactly what we can do and how we can
offer is that something that needs to be
in our brand or is that something that
comes later on the stage or what do we
need to consider
when when clarifying our message yeah
that's a great question
um i would say that it's really we call
it the empathetic marketing strategy
it's really
it's getting down to what's the actual
real problem um
you know oftentimes what happens with
uh people is that you know when you're
asked what do you do you know we always
perceive that to just be like okay well
i'm gonna tell you like i do
graphic design and web design you know
but that's not what they're asking
they're asking what can you do for me
and so if you can focus in on that one
question and everything that you do in
your marketing answers the question what
can you do for them
and so that spans to a lot of different
things one is
is um i'll i'll give a concept and try
to give it as simply as possible
there's a difference between atomistic
approach and an emergence approach
so what we tend to think of with an
atomistic approach is that's that's
not the way to go which is that two
people
to like two atoms they collide and they
create one response but the truth is is
that
i'll put it in perspective of teams and
and our customers
the way that you interact with your team
like we were talking about earlier
will affect if they know their purpose
then they're going to go out into the
cultural sphere and emerge this
emergence up and outward and actually
talk about your brand
and how they much they love it if you're
have a good customer interaction what
happens
it's not just between the two of you
right they go and tell their friends and
it creates this like so
there's an internal culture into the
company that creates
a brand culture and then there's a
culture between the two people
that between you and interacting with
your customer and those
create a culture and those cultures
continue that's why we call it a company
culture
and so you can't look at it like i'm
just interacting with my client
or my my team member and just that's the
only thing i need to focus on
it's it's realizing that if you can
identify the problem and if you can give
both your team
and your um and your clients purpose
then
then you win and how you do that in a
simplest form because we talk about
atomizing emergence and that's all
way heady stuff the simplest way to do
that is just focus in
always on your values that's the
gravitational pull
to that needle on your compass that
helps you make the decisions you ask
yourself
is this the right decision for my
company does it align with my values
and does it align with the problems that
my customers are trying to tell me
that they're solving you will
automatically create an emerging
um company culture that will be praised
by your by out from outside and from
within and they're both they're
they're these little highways right and
you're gonna build something
that's gonna last and endure we call it
brandurance you know because
we're wanting to build brands that
endure the test of time
not just have to settle with i need to
follow a trend because that's the
outside culture and we have this
atomistic thinking like i'm just going
to go in and
approach that we're creating our own
right and we're creating one
that that's an ecosystem for people that
really want to come and and live in that
brand and and
deal with that brand and build those
relationships because it's relational at
the end of the day
it's all about those long long-standing
relationships and values at the core of
that
this is a lot deeper than i thought um
but trying to put this into
practice so if we're if we're talking to
our team
if we're talking to our clients if we're
talking to potential customers
should we have like a one or two liner
that we memorized that is our exact
offering
or our exact message so instead of
saying like you said
um let's say we're crm software i don't
know why i said crm but i tend to do
that in podcast for some reason like
we provide finance crm that gives you
all your data in one entry
like you can export all your your
contacts in one csv file you can
get everything um off your email reports
and xyz instead of listing all these
features
should we have one clear strap line
where that
defines the exact customer work with the
problem we solve and the outcome we
provide is that along the right lines or
yeah absolutely it's 100 along the right
lines
now you can adapt that um so what we
recommend is having
um and actually does come from story
brand we've adapted it a little bit
going back to that um empathy empathetic
marketing approach
you know identifying that problem and
then what is the solution and what does
life look like after that
after they've chosen you how is that
improved um and that
really helps for them to get a picture
you know um
you can promote your business in one
line or two lines you know you don't
need a 30 second
elevator pitch because again like albert
einstein said if you don't understand it
simply
you or if you can't explain it simply
you don't understand it so one line is a
great way
and that can be sometimes we write and
speak differently and you can also adapt
it to
at the core of it it's the same right
but you may have an interaction with
somebody and as that conversation goes
you learn things about them where you're
able to adapt it but the core of it is
the same so you have
a foundational piece and then as you
interact whether it's online and they
can come to your website they can
immediately see that and connect with it
they see
that strategy there and they they're
able to resonate with it
but at the same time if you're out
networking you know we may say it's
slightly different to you
then we might say it's a bob down the
street because bob down the street
his problem has a slight different
nuance or maybe he just resonates in a
different way
yeah and the key with it too is you
actually think
big picture especially when you get into
that reward
and it's something that should be you
should be able to memorize because
um you know you don't you don't want to
be able to just like read it off no card
right you want to be able to just kind
of spin it off the top of your head
um and like everyone was saying yeah it
can be used in all sorts of places
online your website
social sales whatever um but it's also
something
that your employees might use right when
they ask what do you do for work
um and they can say oh well this is what
we do
and it's something that your employees
can use and they ultimately become part
of your sales force even if they're not
necessarily on the sales
team yeah yeah yeah such a good point i
mean it's amazing how sometimes you ask
people what they do and they kind of
stumble
or they er and they're like oh not
really sure don't know if you'll
understand or they come up
with a massive list or they start
talking jargon but like you say if you
can have this clear
message that really hones in on the
problem you solve how you make people's
life better
um all that good stuff in just one clear
one one or two liner then
it probably is going to peak curiosity
right so if people think stressful
yeah and the chances are that they they
might even say
my friend actually needs help with that
or the company i'm working with
needs that because it's so crisp it's so
clear and to the point
um yeah that's actually a networking tip
as well
is that you don't want to if you're
meeting someone and you know you want to
connect with them after you don't want
to just say
oh you know let me know if i can do
anything for you
right um they're never going to think of
you right
um and so you want to be associated with
something and so that one liner is also
a great way to
be like oh this person can help with
this and so it's another great way to
stick in people's minds
yeah yeah absolutely and you know just
like the any you know the hook of a book
you know you're
you're not only identifying with them
but you're also you know peaking they're
interested in what you do
and you know if i say it was the best
times it was the worst times you know
whether you've read it or not you know
what book i'm talking about you know
it's that's a brand right that's almost
like
we've identified that but we've branded
that book if i say in a whole of the
hobbit you know like you immediately
know
what book i'm talking about now if we
say our one-liner you know
the hope is that they would go i know
exactly that business and i
i want to hopefully your if you craft it
right they want to keep
reading so to speak they want to keep
interacting
um and it goes back to to that to that
blind date analogy you know um kelly
like kelly's talking about you know
saying can we do anything for you is is
too broad you know and it isn't clear
one of the
one of the things advice that i got when
i was dating the sweet woman
was that you know make up clear you know
don't say can we get together sometime
you know are you available friday night
at six you know and we do this so we you
know like if we're more
clear if we're more clear with our
intentions right
um in our interactions with our clients
they feel more comfortable
if there's a difference between being
pushy obviously you know if she said no
i'm not and i said how about saturday
said no i'm not and i said how about
sunday and she said no i'm not
i should get the point right i wouldn't
be married because she's telling me
i don't want what you're selling you
know i don't i don't
i don't want none of this you know
but you know if we're saying hey you
know one liner
this is what you know are how does that
sound to you
can i put something on the calendar with
you at friday at six you know
um hopefully you wouldn't say friday at
six hopefully i'm dinner but
you know friday at noon you know yeah
that sounds great or
i'm not sure and then that gives you the
opportunity to say you know
what's your what's the biggest concern
you have right now you know and how is
there a way i can address that you know
don't be afraid of it and if that
concern is is still withheld you kind of
know okay maybe i should back off but if
they're able
if you're building that relationship and
you're being empathetic and you're
opening you're open
to what they have to say they may say
well you know it's the price or i'm not
really sure i understand how this is
this is gonna help and then you can say
well that's great um
well let's talk about let's address that
together and if you can address it
they're either gonna feel
way more comfortable and actually be
more sold or they're still just gonna be
apprehensive and you're gonna know it's
not the right fit and that's okay
because you want to attract the right
people not try to force people
like if i forced kelly to love me that's
why we talk about business like marriage
right
if i forced her to love me that's not
love you know
you know it's it's offering value and
then reciprocating
that service you know serving her and
that
by serving her she feels confident she
feels loved
she feels comfortable and she knows that
i'm for her
you know we need to do the same with our
customers we need to do the same with
our clients
it's it's an act of love and in some
ways you know we really need to care
about them as
people as individuals and want more than
just a transactional
monetary you know exchange but actually
want
what's actually best for them just like
in in a marriage
you know great comparison really like it
and there's certainly a lot of value i
need to give back to my fiance as i
sadly forgot to get a gift on
valentine's day and i still don't think
she's forgiving me so uh
try day by day slowly slowly
but you mentioned a really good point
there and um
that was making sure your messaging is
clear your branding is clear
um making sure giving giving people the
option to do business with you so
one final question in terms of our brand
how can we position our brand
so we're not attracting anyone and
everyone
which could be a huge waste of our time
if we're constantly dealing with
inquiries that aren't a good fit
that aren't customers that perhaps have
the budget to work with us or just
generally aren't a good match for our
business
how do we make sure our branding appeals
to our ideal clients
so the people we do want to reel in and
the ideal customers for our business
yeah that's a great question um i would
say that it comes back down to that
value piece you know behavior stem from
beliefs
um you know if you really really know
what you as an organization believe and
everyone in that organization knows
how they fit into that um i think you
naturally attract the right people
because as you message
and you say this is you know you're
expressing value
that not just you know values of what
you believe
people that identify with that are gonna
go that's great
um i think there's a second piece to
this though which is always be
more of a listener um ask don't be
afraid to ask questions
and that's i mean that should be part of
the value you know we
learn so much more um when we listen
you know and uh you know what's
interesting about that is if you
ask more questions than you ask or then
you speak you become the most
interesting person in the room and you
actually say less but that's because
people
feel that you really care about them you
know so i'd say care
you know values and care about your
people listen yeah and i think a lot of
times people are afraid to actually
have an ideal client and knowing who
they are
and actually focusing their messaging
around them um it's realistically you're
not going to appeal to everyone
but it also doesn't mean that when
you've set out to have an ideal
you know client customer that other
people won't trickle in
either you know you'll have a broader
net um so it's also
being aware of who your ideal customer
actually is sometimes that takes
research sometimes that just takes
experience you know yeah and so yeah
that's a
little bit about it too yeah i would
just add the one last thought on that is
just that
and i like this quote and is
you know the difference between wanting
a brand and a successful brand is
reflected in the difference between
wanting a marriage and a successful
marriage
you know it really takes that that give
and take
um you know we as businesses as brands
really get caught up with the panic and
the fear
of the bottom line and and it's very
real you know we
we do know that there's a really real
fear that
especially now i mean there's so many
businesses that are struggling
and for sure thing but fear cannot be
the
if you don't have values that you have
identified fear will automatically
become it
and you will always act behavior stem
from beliefs you will always act out of
a place of fear
and fear will drive your business
decisions and they will drive you to
places that are not
healthy for your family for your
community for your business for your
team for your customers
fear should never be the value at the
core
it should always be something else that
says i know
that i serve something bigger and if i
can hold on to that identified peace
then i know the direction i'll take even
when things get hard i don't have to
save for pay
i know that i can really stay true to
this and make the decisions that are
right for my team
for my brand and for my people and
that's what builds that loyalty and
trust
what a way to end it gabrielle and kelly
shields thank you very much for joining
me
thoroughly enjoyed it thanks once again
for the first ever partnership episode
and without all said please do tell us
more about how people can
learn about your business how they can
get in touch and how they can connect
with you
absolutely well sam first i want to say
that it was absolute pleasure and we are
so grateful
that you allowed us to be on this um as
far as finding us you know they can
definitely find us on our linkedin
on our youtube and also just visit our
website um
vnewcreative.com um we offer workshops
and things like that for people so if
they're interested or they can message
us at hello at benuecreative.com
am i missing anything that's it yeah
awesome stuff we'll put all of those
links over at the show episode notes
which will be available at
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that i want to thank you once
again really enjoyed the show guys thank
you
thank you thank you cheers and if you
enjoyed business growth show be sure to
hit subscribe wherever the heck you get
your podcast from
we interview two business leaders each
and every week provide actionable tips
across marketing
sales all the focus to help you grow
your business and with that
we'll catch you on the next episode